# Maven

1. Lifecycle Reference
   1. Clean Lifecycle
      1. pre-clean : execute processes needed prior to the actual project cleaning
      2. clean : remove all files generated by the previous build
      3. post-clean : execute processes needed to finalize the project cleaning
   2. Default Lifecycle
      1. validate : validate the project is correct and all necessary information is available.
      2. initialize : initialize build state, e.g. set properties or create directories.
      3. generate-sources : generate any source code for inclusion in compilation.
      4. process-sources : process the source code, for example to filter any values.
      5. generate-resources : generate resources for inclusion in the package.
      6. process-resources : copy and process the resources into the destination directory, ready for packaging.
      7. compile : compile the source code of the project.
      8. process-classes : post-process the generated files from compilation, for example to do bytecode enhancement on Java classes.
      9. generate-test-sources : generate any test source code for inclusion in compilation.
      10. process-test-sources : process the test source code, for example to filter any values.
      11. generate-test-resources : create resources for testing.
      12. process-test-resources : copy and process the resources into the test destination directory.
      13. test-compile : compile the test source code into the test destination directory
      14. process-test-classes : post-process the generated files from test compilation, for example to do bytecode enhancement on Java classes. For Maven 2.0.5 and above.
      15. test : run tests using a suitable unit testing framework. These tests should not require the code be packaged or deployed.
      16. prepare-package : perform any operations necessary to prepare a package before the actual packaging. This often results in an unpacked, processed version of the package. (Maven 2.1 and above)
      17. package : take the compiled code and package it in its distributable format, such as a JAR.
      18. pre-integration-test : perform actions required before integration tests are executed. This may involve things such as setting up the required environment.
      19. integration-test : process and deploy the package if necessary into an environment where integration tests can be run.
      20. post-integration-test : perform actions required after integration tests have been executed. This may including cleaning up the environment.
      21. verify : run any checks to verify the package is valid and meets quality criteria.
      22. install : install the package into the local repository, for use as a dependency in other projects locally.
      23. deploy : done in an integration or release environment, copies the final package to the remote repository for sharing with other developers and projects.
   3. Site Lifecycle
      1. pre-site : execute processes needed prior to the actual project site generation
      2. site : generate the project's site documentation
      3. post-site : execute processes needed to finalize the site generation, and to prepare for site deployment
      4. site-deploy : deploy the generated site documentation to the specified web server
